`experience` objective event and condition where reworked (#2179)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Migration.md

            package:
              enabled: false
            ```

### 2.0.0-DEV-485 - Experience changes

> - The `experience` event objective and condition has been changed regarding levels. 
>   The condition and the objective do not now allow raw experience anymore, only levels.
>   But for now on they will support decimal numbers, so you can use `experience 1.5` to check for half a level.
>   With that you can convert raw experience to levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a misuse of the Spigot API, all code regarding player experience (`experience` event, condition and objective) has been changed. It is actually not possible to obtain the amount of experience points a player has, only their level can be obtained. 

If you used these you might have to adjust the configured values because the behaviour changed as follows:
- The `experience` objective and condition do not allow raw experience anymore. Only levels are supported from now on.
- The `experience` objective, condition and event now supports decimal numbers. For example, you can use `experience 1.5` to check for one and a half levels.
You can convert raw experience points to levels, using such decimal numbers.
```
